Extensiones:

Absolute Enable Right Click & Copy
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/absolute-enable-right-cli/jdocbkpgdakpekjlhemmfcncgdjeiika/related
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/absolute-enable-right-cli/enkbbdhdmbpfohfkfmdmjkpmolkbelgl
Bitwarden --CTRL_SHIFT_B
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bitwarden-free-password-m/nngceckbapebfimnlniiiahkandclblb
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/bitwarden-free-password/jbkfoedolllekgbhcbcoahefnbanhhlh
Documentos de Google sin conexión
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-docs-offline/ghbmnnjooekpmoecnnnilnnbdlolhkhi
Google Dictionary (by Google)  --CTRL_SHIFT_D
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-dictionary-by-goog/mgijmajocgfcbeboacabfgobmjgjcoja
  Language: Spanish | CTRL | CTRL
Google Traductor  --CTRL_SHIFT_G
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-translate/aapbdbdomjkkjkaonfhkkikfgjllcleb
  Español | Mostrar el elemento emergente al instante
Picture-in-Picture Extension (by Google) --CTRL_SHIFT_M
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/picture-in-picture-extens/hkgfoiooedgoejojocmhlaklaeopbecg
Redirect AMP to HTML
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redirect-amp-to-html/kifkmmpiicbcnkjaliilaoeaojlldonl
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/redirect-amp-to-html/abjhjmfkmdfggjomfpojjfcehhkambcc
Save to Pocket  --CTRL_SHIFT_P
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/save-to-pocket/niloccemoadcdkdjlinkgdfekeahmflj?hl=es
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/save-to-pocket/jicacccodjjgmghnmekophahpmddeemd
uBlock Origin:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm
https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/ublock-origin/odfafepnkmbhccpbejgmiehpchacaeak

Web Apps;
Google:
https://keep.google.com/
https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#inbox
https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/ tab-strip
https://photos.google.com/
https://www.google.com/maps

Lectura:
https://www.inoreader.com/all_articles
https://getpocket.com/es-LA/my-list
https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Portada tab-strip
https://artsandculture.google.com/ tab-strip

Medios:
https://www.iheart.com/for-you/
https://www.youtube.com/
https://www.netflix.com/browse
https://play.hbomax.com/page/urn:hbo:page:home
https://open.spotify.com/
https://pluto.tv/es/live-tv/latam-channel-guide

Redes:
https://web.whatsapp.com/
https://twitter.com/home?utm_source=homescreen&utm_medium=shortcut tab-strip
https://www.facebook.com/
https://www.reddit.com/ tab-strip
https://www.instagram.com/  tab-strip
https://www.tiktok.com/ tab-strip
https://www.tumblr.com/dashboard tab-strip
https://www.messenger.com/
https://webk.telegram.org/

Varios:
https://github.com/ tab-strip
https://www.amazon.com.mx/ tab-strip
https://onedrive.live.com/ tab-strip
https://vault.bitwarden.com/#/

Juegos:
https://gamesnacks.com/embed/

